This is why I think a lot of people are
scared. I thought universities like a
path to career.
>> I think the word entrepreneurial is very
much a synonym to agency. Agency is the
key in the face of a technology that is
so cognitively advanced. Get familiar
with that technology.
>> Fei-Fei Li built the data that made
modern AI possible. Now she's raised $1
million to build what comes next and
she's teaching all of this in her new
MasterClass, AI's future and yours.
David Rogier turned MasterClass into a
$2.75 [music]
billion company teaching people from the
world's best. Today they're both
watching the same shift [music] and they
have a lot to say about it.
>> It's a gap that's widening and
increasing. If somebody's using AI,
they're able to get tremendously more
done that they never have before.
>> We aren't going to have to work anymore.
>> Universal basic income.
>> Yeah, we're just going to get paid to to
chill.
>> Time of change could be a time of loss.
>> What does it look like? What should
people be preparing for?
>> Loss of old habits, loss of sense of
steadiness. [music] But that's also a
time of opportunity. It's an opportunity
for
>> You are running companies these days,
multiple. What are you seeing? What are
the biggest shifts happening?
>> Uh my world is very much AI, so I think
the
I get to experience really the the the
the cutting edge of where the technology
is pushing.
Uh it's just I cannot tell you how
exciting this moment is. The
technologists, the entrepreneurs and in
including product people uh business
people are all recognizing this uh just
really sea change of how uh AI can now
be used to to rethink business, to
rethink applications and you know, it
just feels I've been Silicon Valley for
17 years. Uh the energy is just I've
never seen this before. Even 10 years
ago, I did not feel that level of
excitement.
>> That's that's amazing. And I feel like
everyone's working more. David, would
you agree with that? What's happening in
your company?
>> It's a gap that's widening increasingly.
If somebody's using AI,
they're able to get tremendously more
done,
and they feel a sense of agency that
they never had before.
If they're still nervous to or haven't
been trained to, you are seeing that
that gap increase. One of the the most
interesting things I think that you talk
about is that it seems like the world is
split between all this is god-like and
going to have it
save the world, and the other half of
people are like this is the this is the
devil and going to destroy everything.
>> Very polarized society, right now.
>> And I think one of the things that you
talk about and have shown is that that
is not a healthy approach or maybe is is
isn't the best design approach. And then
if you actually you shared this with me,
but it but but if you actually try to
figure out what are the best aspects of
it and how do I use it to actually help
people, we might be able to get the best
of both worlds. You asked earlier about
tools.
>> Yeah.
>> And I think I was thinking about it. If
you asked me like a couple months ago, I
would have listed, you know, Claude and
Chat GPT and all of the tools. I have
now found the most of the apps I use, I
built.
>> Mhm.
>> And I built them with Claude code or
with Codex.
>> Fine. Very cool.
>> and and I think this First of all,
that's like amazing to me because now is
like if my was if like my CEO stack is
all apps that I built
>> Is it called Davidfy, right? I read
something like you built your own custom
[clears throat]
>> D A Davidfy.
>> Davidfy, yeah.
>> And I gave to my team, which is like if
if
>> you're trying to write something in my
own voice, like here are a bunch of
emails that I wrote and things I said to
you to do it. But even my
to my productivity apps, my to-do list
app I built, and um
and it is I have it that if it's on the
list for over two over a day and a half,
it can't stay on the list. So, it forces
me to either decide that I'm going to do
it now,
I'm going to dump it cuz it's actually
not an important thing, or I'm going to
pass it off to
a person on my team. And this just
allows you to create all these apps for
the way that you think it work. To And
so, back to our agency point, like
you're able to create the workflows and
tools, anything that you now want. So,
now it's about what's the motivation to
do it, what's the skills to go do it,
but the cost of do of making an app
dropped from, you know, months to like a
weekend.
>> Yeah. Yeah, that's a very good point.
Oh, if an employee comes to you and says
like, "I really want to start using AI."
What would you tell them like, where do
they start? What What What is the task?
Cuz I've heard some of the some
entrepreneurs ask their employees to
just vibe code their dashboard, for
example. Do you have like a go-to thing?
>> I don't like vibe coding a dashboard
because when somebody vibe vibe codes a
dashboard, it's only in the front end of
the dashboard. It's never tied back to
the actual inputs. So, like it's great
for like an hour, but then it like stops
working because they haven't tied it
back to everything most of the time. Um
when they want to learn AI,
I have found if they're asking that what
if they're asking that question,
>> [snorts]
>> they are hesitant to try it on their
own.
>> Mhm.
>> There's something that's holding them
back. And so, what I do in those cases
is like And like sometimes I I I worry
this is like a waste of my time, but I
I've learned it's not. I will sit down
with them or in groups of two or three,
and I will show them a basic task. like
deep like on research.
>> Mhm. And like I'll walk them through it
like step by step. And in some ways I
feel like that's a waste of my time cuz
I'm like, you could watch a YouTube
video on this that's way more effective
than I am. But I found is there's
something about me doing it with them
that then there's something that like
unlocks that they then go soar on their
own. So I don't know if it's somebody
walking or they feel forced to do it cuz
I'm the CEO and I'm making them do it or
that like but then the act of walking
them through it, then they are unlocked
to go do it and they could do lots more
things.
>> Yeah, I thank you David for for really
bringing the the complexity of reality.
That is something that I observe and
frankly am concerned because I think the
public discourse of AI is so polarized.
We have to look at the upside, we have
to look at the downside, but the public
discourse right now is not like that.
It's either total utopia, it's going to
you know,
save the world and we don't have to work
anymore. Universally speaking
>> Yeah, we're going to get paid to to
chill.
>> Or you know, this this thing about FAI,
it it's so bad. It's going to just
displace all jobs. It's going to
um
take away all human agency. And these
two extreme is very dangerous. I
generally believe it's a technology,
that means it's a tool. It's a very
powerful tool.
But it it's a tool that humans can wield
to help make things better.
But we also have to be very very
vigilant about how to use the tool. We
teach kids how to use tools from fire to
to knives to um you know, the internet.
Now we have to learn that as a species,
as a society. And the most important
discourse is missing, and that's the
discourse of the nuanced middle.
>> Mhm.
>> is what this tool is, how can we use it
for good, how should we avoid the
pitfalls, and how do we go forward as a
civilization with this civilization
tool?
>> The AI agents you're building right now,
they don't understand each other. Your
sales agent closes a deal and learns
something about the customer. Your
support agent picks up the same customer
an hour later and starts with zero
context. That knowledge just vanishes
every single time. Outshift by Cisco
published a white paper this year called
scaling out super intelligence. Their
argument, the biggest bottleneck in AI
right now isn't bigger models or smarter
agents, it's making them work together
better. They're calling the solution the
internet of cognition. Shared intent,
shared context, shared reasoning across
all your agents at once. There is a live
demo at outshift.com. Five use cases,
you can watch the agents reason together
in real time. If you're building
anything with agents, read the paper and
try the demo because they are working on
this future right now. Links are in the
description.
>> And then it's a revolutionary tool. I
feel like it's the it's the first tool
that is so industrial revolution
automated our physical labor, right?
Here we're kind of automating our
intelligence, and this is why I think a
lot of people are scared cuz they're
like, oh, I thought university
No guarantees, but it's like a path to
career. Now, if the cost of intelligence
goes to zero, I don't know, like what's
going to happen. What do you think?
>> One things I learned from from from you
was that right now when we talk about
AI, it's is language-based. That, to use
your phrase, is like lossy.
It it is you aren't going to learn how
to drive a car with words. You aren't
going to learn how to shoot a basketball
with words. And I so I think we're still
in a like V1 of AI, and I think this
fear is a little overhyped because AI
it's doesn't have a set of its own
values. It's our val it's our values.
And so I think that means an opportunity
for us to design and shape it. Do you
want to share your I thought it was
really neat the thing you did with the
doctors and they're washing their hands.
>> [laughter]
>> Uh yeah, so I I agree with David. First
of all, industrial revolution did not
automate labor. It It made labor more
efficient. It scaled up labor. It did um
it has shift of the labor market, but it
did not automate labor. And also, we
cannot imply labor is not intelligent.
That is really, really a wrong premise.
You know, physical labor, cognitive
labor, emotional labor. Human activity
is deeply intertwined with human
intelligence, which is still very much a
an an unsolved mystery in in nature. We
don't know the depth and nuance of uh
human intelligence. So, uh claiming I
know you're not claiming, but anyone out
there claiming that uh intelligence the
cost of intelligence goes to zero is
just an irresponsible claim because
human intelligence is so deep, as David
said, in addition to
uh the more familiar language
intelligence, we also have uh
uh perceptual intelligence, spatial
intelligence, physical intelligence,
emotional intelligence. Uh we don't have
a grasp on creativity, where that comes
from. Everybody's creativity comes from
different parts of their not only their
brain, but their holistic
life. So, I think we need to be very
careful of these reductive claims. I do
agree that language intelligence, the
LLMs, the derivatives of LLMs are
incredibly powerful. You know, they're
helping business intelligence. They're
helping
software engineering. They're the
deductive logical reasoning and even
deeper tasks. The uh we're we're not
seeing a gigantic use of language and
software intelligence. All this is in
important,
but it is nuanced. It is uh
it's complex. It's a lot of it can be
powerfully collaborative with human
intelligence, but I would not use words
like
automating human intelligence or
intelligence goes to zero. I am very
concerned about that kind of rhetoric.
>> The exact rhetoric that's causing people
to be so anti-AI. Cuz what they see,
they see headlines of mass layoffs.
They're like, "We don't need you
anymore." That type of stuff. And this
is what's causing this negativity.
>> But the answer isn't in those cases to
say I'm going to avoid using AI or that
I'm not going to use it. I think the
answer is you grab the tool and then you
figure out how I'm going to design it
better or how I'm going to improve I'm
going to I'm going to improve the tool
or some of your work in hospitals. If
you take If you take a job, a job is
actually like a whole set of tasks. And
I think one of your arguments is there's
some tasks that you do in your job that
you probably don't like.
Your [snorts] example I remember was a
nurse has to chart all their notes.
>> Doctors too.
>> And and doctors. I have never met a
nurse that's like, "You know the job,
the part of my job I love the most is
charting. [laughter]
And like, that is not why they got into
the professional field. So, I think the
avoidance is the wrong way, but I also
think I agree with you.
I think it will, if we look at any
technological
shift,
it's always ended up in net more jobs.
The issue is just who gets those Who is
it that actually gets those jobs? But
the people who don't get those jobs are
the people who do not adapt to it.
>> Yeah.
>> Right? And if you don't adapt, the
outcomes are very bad. So, if you look
at the past with the advent of the
computer, of the spreadsheet, what
happens if you don't adapt is you lose
your job,
your lifetime income drops by over a
fifth,
and your mortality rate in the first
year doubles.
Like, it actually hurts your health.
>> That's crazy stats.
>> It's And so, the answer isn't to go into
a hole, it's to push yourself to explore
and improve the tools.
>> Yeah, I I totally agree with David. I I
think some of the words we talked about
deserve to be highlighted. Uh you used
the word agency, we talk about
collaboration and empowerment. I think
that that's it that's the core meaning
of any technology, including a so-called
god-like technology like AI, is it's it
should be human-centered. And what is a
meaning Human-centered is just a phrase
in the
To me, the simplest but the most
profound um meaning of
human-centeredness is really empowerment
to humanity, to to
including individuals, communities, and
society. And that is the meaning of this
technology, which brings up this point
that David said is that it's a time of
change. Time of change could be a time
of loss.
Loss of old habits.
>> Mhm.
>> Loss of comfort that we were familiar
with for the past decades. Uh loss of
sense of steadiness.
But that's also a time of opportunity.
It's a opportunity for what's coming
next. It's an opportunity for what we
can make better. And
how do you cross that boundary between
the time of confusion and loss to time
of uh
of opportunity as a individual?
It is really a responsibility of each
one of us to learn, embrace, upskill, be
intellectually open
about this opportunity. And that goes to
the core of
every human journey, whether you are a
K-12 student or you're a ready a
professional, we have to embrace this
together.
>> Yeah, and but also to your point of
change, it's happening so fast, faster
than ever. Uh can you tell me like if we
take AI today, what type of tasks it can
do already? What is still very human?
And what's going to happen in a year? So
how fast is it moving?
>> I mean, I think in education, it's
having a tremendous impact. The biggest
obstacle uh I'll I'll share. So we know
from the last 60 years that the best way
for somebody to learn is one-on-one
instruction.
>> Mhm.
>> So the question has to be asked, why do
we sit in in classrooms of 20 people, of
300 people? It's simply cost. It is too
expensive to provide a doctorly to every
person in the world. Even though that
would be amazing. I would I'll sign up
for
>> [laughter]
>> Um
and so
with AI though, from the work that's
been done in the last couple
years, we now know that AI can provide
that personal level of instruction that
is almost as good as that.
It is
so [snorts] much better than learning in
a classroom than reading just a book on
it. So then the question and now you're
able to provide that same education, the
one where you sat in a in an elementary
school classroom for
$12,000 a year. You're now or or a
school for $80,000 a year once you're
you know, undergrad, you're able to
provide that same education for about
$100.
>> Mhm.
>> So the question has to be asked, when
are we going to see that that change in
our own education? I think the biggest
obstacle is not the tech. The biggest
obstacle is the institutions
that are afraid of the afraid of that
change. But I think what's going to
happen, we know that if you use AI to
learn, you're able to learn the same
things in 60% less time.
>> Mhm.
>> So if school says, I'm going to ban AI,
I'm going to ban my kids from using AI,
and another school allows them to use AI
in a structured way, those kids who use
AI are going to be far ahead of the kids
that don't. Now that's not a replacement
for everything. You still want the
in-person interaction, all those social
bonds, but I think you're going to start
to see a divergence
in kids where one group that's open to
AI is learning at a much faster rate
than everyone else, and I think that's
bad.
And [snorts] so I think it's not a tech
issue, but I think what's going to
happen is those schools that do not
adapt, in 10 years, they're going to be
they aren't going to exist cuz they're
going to be so far behind.
>> And also their world will be changing so
fast because of AI, like what David
said, a part of it they should be
changing. I also adamantly believe every
school, every classroom should embrace
AI. Every student should be embracing
AI. But I also believe that we have a
collective responsibility to include
them, especially the teachers
and educator educational administrator
in this discourse of AI and and show
them what is a viable path that
um maintains the goal of education. The
goal of education is not a tool. The
goal of education is not close book or
open book exams. The goal of education
is not standardized test scores. The
goal of education is is building humans
and so that every individual is a
meaningful contributor of their
community and society and lead to a
meaningful life. And this AI should not
be taking any any of these fundamentals
away, but AI should help to achieve this
goal much better, much more effectively.
And
and this polarized extremely simplified
binary conversation about
AI's for cheating or not,
um close book, take away AI
it is just not where we should be. We
should be looking at how we empower
teachers, how we empower students, how
we restructure our classrooms, how we
rethink about examinations,
how we rethink about standardized test,
how we rethink about college admissions,
how we rethink about resource
distribution. There is a technology
that's lowering cost and barriers. So
how we can resource our inner cities,
our rural areas,
you know, globally, global south. These
are really important, more important
topics of AI and education.
>> Absolutely.
>> That we're we're missing that
conversation.
>> You know what I think will help this
conversation because when I'm thinking
about my kids' education, I want to
imagine a workplace where they're going
to be. So, when I was growing up, the
workplace is big company, you're doing
this, and so in order to get there, you
need to study this, this, and that.
>> [snorts]
>> Can you paint me a picture of a
workplace or a company in 10 years? What
does it look like? What should be people
be preparing for?
>> Agency. I think AI will give people more
agency. So,
a lot of the a lot of the future of
work, I think will rely on people who
knows who know how to use this tools
in very effective way. So, let me give
you a concrete example. We one of the
very coveted jobs in Silicon Valley in
the past 20 years is product manager.
You know, there's a lot of conversations
of the shifting nature of product
management job. It used to be
10 years ago fairly standard product
manager's job is more
the thread between users, markets, and
engineers. They're more like a
conductors. They don't have to code.
They fairly often they were not software
engineers. So, if they want a prototype,
they go to a designer, they go to a
software engineer. They get a prototype,
and then they they send a prototype to
users, and and and they listen to the
users, and and
synthesize the feedback. And that life
cycle of uh
product management might take
typically months, you know, in in a
company. Today, if you look at the job
of product manager, actually a lot of
companies are experimenting with
different things, but there are some
fundamental changes. A lot of product
managers just now codes themselves.
They don't have to wait uh to prototype
from a team of people. They can use AI
to help to design something very simple
and and and write code. So, that part
shortens the life cycle. Doesn't mean we
we we should get rid of designers or
software engineer, but it just saves
time and so that software engineer and
designers can do much more sophisticated
work. Also, user side, things are
shifting. AI can actually simulate user
behaviors and there are much um
um much if more efficient ways to reach
to the users, to to close the loop with
users. So, I'm looking at these young
product managers and when I uh look to
hire them, I look for those who are
riding the the wave of changes. I don't
look for those product uh managers who
are still talking about the textbook
uh workflow of even 5 years ago. So,
what I think the future of companies,
there's a lot to imagine and depending
on the company from healthcare to to um
um education to whatever industry,
but I think our workforce
will be much more empowered or can be
much more empowered by powerful tools
like AI, so that personal agency,
creativity,
and also
the boundaries of what people
a person can do and cannot do is just a
lot more blurred and lowered lowered.
So
to me
um that's going to just fundamentally
shift the structure of corporate America
and and
um every student today should
try to imagine
who they want to be in that new
structure.
>> Most people use Claude like a search
engine. They type in a question, they
get an answer. Most times they're not
really satisfied with it and they close
the tab. I did the same thing for months
and I was looking at people who were
saying AI is changing their life and I'm
like then I spend one afternoon setting
it up properly, uploaded a few files
about how I think and how I work and it
completely changed. I wrote the whole
process up step-by-step. You get it when
you subscribe to my newsletter
futureproof. It's free. The link is in
the description.
>> It feels like you were just describing
entrepreneurs within workspace or you're
like either you're an entrepreneur or
you're an entrepreneur within
organization which means you're handling
multiple things and you're responsible
for multiple things.
>> I mean my hypothesis on this, you will
get a barbell effect and this is what we
are seeing at Masterclass where you have
one group that are becoming the
specialists.
And it used to be like I remember in
school like I was told to pick one area
and just go deep in that and that's how
I build a long-term career. I think
that's eroding except if you're in the
top one if you're like the actual best.
What I mean by this is if I'm a
copywriter
if I'm an okay one
anybody that now uses an LLM can do a
decent job of that. But if you're the
best in the world at it or if you're in
the top 1%
I can't beat you at it. And so we're
seeing A the rise of people that are
specialists that are very good at their
thing. And I think that extends to tons
of crafts. And then the other role we're
seeing is this high agency generalist
who's able to do
lots of different things well and has
good has really good skills on the
judgement side, on the agency side. And
those people when you see them interact
it's really neat because they then
interact with somebody who's in the top
1% at their craft and
whoa, I couldn't do that, right? And I
so my guess is that it's a bifurcation
of those specialists and the people that
can do lots of things well.
>> That's interesting. And I I agree with
you. I think both whether you're on the
specialist side or generalist side, you
both have agency.
>> Yes, that's that. I think it's very well
put.
>> And you should both be able to use tools
in ways that's uniquely creative and
deep, right? I'm already seeing this,
right? Um for example, designers, you
know, they they bring so much human
creativity, but I see some of them use
all kinds of AI tools in ways I cannot
personally imagine. So I know that's
where their craftsmanship comes. And
also the word entrepreneurial
um in Silicon Valley that's almost like
I'm going to do a Delaware incorporated
start up
and that's the label entrepreneur. And I
disagree. I think the word word
entrepreneurial is very much a synonym
to agency.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, it's it doesn't matter. You
can be a doctor, special specialty
doctor. You can be a K-12 teacher. Um
but agency is the key and uh in the face
of a technology that is so cognitively
advanced uh
have [sighs]
have be brave.
Have your human agency and command that
technology. use that technology, get
familiar with that technology. Don't be
afraid, don't shy away from it because
that's where the the the wheels of
history is turning towards the future.
And I think everybody, it doesn't have
to be a Silicon Valley founder,
everybody can be entrepreneurial for
their craftsmanship or whatever they
want to do.
>> You mentioned so many tools like use
tools use just. Can you give me example
of some of the tools that have been
transformational to your job?
>> Obviously, all kinds of um from ChatGPT
to Gemini to Claude, I use it in many
different ways. They have so many
features from helping me to
um study some deep topics or to have a
conversation.
Uh here's a here's a fun example. I'm in
charge of laundry in my household. So
every weekend I have to do loads and
loads of laundry. And uh it used to be
my audio book time, but sometimes um
sometimes I get bored just listening to
audio book and and just about a few
months ago I realized I can have a
conversation of a deep topic with AI as
I was just folding laundry. And that has
been so much fun. Somehow it's more even
more motivating for me to go fold
laundry cuz I can have me time with with
AI to learn anything I want. And uh um I
of of course software engineering has
been completely transformed. And also,
you know, on the art and design side, um
I mean, we're labs, we are creating um
models to help our creators and to
imagine 3D worlds and all that. So we
also see change in the creative world.
Uh once again, that's also a very
contentious area because some companies
have positioned AI's creative tools as
if it's a replacement and I just deeply
deeply protest that positioning. I I
think that human creativity, even just
on the visual side, human creativity is
so vast, but even just on the visual
design side is profoundly intertwined
with our emotional intelligence, with
the story we bring, with the values we
bring
each creators [clears throat] bring. I
just think AI is such a powerful tool to
help them solicit
>> yeah.
>> their um
you know, express their creativity
instead of to replace it.
>> Totally.
>> Do you feel AI can never be very smart
until it figures out spatial
intelligence?
>> Yes, so this is the work I'm doing now
in world labs. So, what is spatial
intelligence? Spatial intelligence is a
a term that encompasses multiple
abilities today that humans uh display
in uh in a environment like this one, 3D
environment. If we look at movement, we
call it 4D environment. We can
understand what's going on. I see
people, I see equipments, I see this
beautiful home. This is the
understanding part of spatial
intelligence. We can reason. If I want
to go and um you know um go grab a a
bottle of water in the fridge, I have to
reason about the space, reason about uh
I can go up the staircase, I can
recognize the fridge, I reason about my
movement. So, that's reasoning. Uh
that's another part of spatial
intelligence. A third part of spatial
intelligence is generation.
Is that in my mind's eye, even though
I'm not seeing the your living room, but
I actually have a view of what our
living room looks like. If I'm a more
more better artist, I can actually
generate a lot of
visual 2D or 3D or or 4D visual
artifacts pieces, so humans can generate
a lot of space. And the fourth last but
not the least part of visual intel
sorry, spatial intelligence is
interactivity.
Is how I focus on um
interacting with the space, right? Like
how
again laundry folding, that's my
favorite
weekend activity these days.
That's deeply spatial.
>> Yeah.
>> How you
fold each piece of garment and how you
hang them in the the closet and and all
that is highly interactive. So spatial
intelligence is these four things,
understanding, reasoning, generation,
and interaction. And we are working on
that. We have made tremendous progress.
I'm I'm saying collective we.
You know, today you use say Nano Banana
or if you use GPT image, that tool can
actually help you to generate a lot of
2D imagery. It can actually explain to
you what
unknown flower is in your garden.
That understanding is is quite advanced.
It can help help you to reason. Now we
can actually draw figures in in AI
tools.
The generation part right now the more
mature products are on the 2D side. What
we're labs is doing is on the 3D side.
3D is so fundamental for robotic
interaction, for truly controllable
creativity such as design, architecture,
game development, VFX. So, that's the
piece we are working on.
>> Is it separate from LLMs? Like I mean,
do LLMs have their limit and then world
models step in?
>> Uh yes and no. I think they're
complementary.
You can't think about humans, right?
Just as you were saying to to put a
basketball in the
um hoop.
First of all, that's such a fast action
that people don't like sit there and
think and talk in their head. But I do
think that is a
Even that act itself is a highly complex
intelligent
moment where
language reasoning come in because you
probably as an athlete you are you are
keenly aware of
the scoringness or missingness, what it
means to the game or to the moment. And
some of that is probably going on in a
language way. But seeing the court,
seeing the other players, and and aiming
the ball, that is deeply spatial. And
then
orient orienting your body
like knowing how to make that move is
deeply physical. So, so many things we
do in life is actually a mixture of
language linguistic
intelligence, spatial intelligence, and
physical intelligence. So, to me they're
very complementary. They work together.
I do deeply believe spatial is a huge
piece of it. Evolution took 500 million
plus years to get spatial intelligence
to maturity. It took much a much shorter
time for language intelligence. So, it's
a very profound ancient
fundamental
intelligent capability of animals and
humans.
>> And how far are we from
understanding the fullness of it, like
100% of
>> Well, I
>> [gasps and laughter]
>> as a scientist, I never know what's 100%
because science itself is pushing the
boundaries of unknown.
The the If the goal post is human
intelligence, the challenge is we don't
even know how far human intelligence is,
right?
We we
we never know that the boundary of human
intelligence. But, if you think the
daily capability of humans, the average
capabilities
>> laundry folding
>> Right. [laughter]
The the the the the cooking omelet, the
the laundry folding, the playing
basketball,
how far are we? We're not there yet.
But, is it going to take 100 years? I
don't think so.
My
My goal is we could get there in my
lifetime.
>> Mhm.
>> And I think a lot of people are working
on that, so that put a kind of a bound,
right? I don't think it will take 100
years. It might not even take 50 years,
but it's not going to take 1 year
either.
>> What What What is your estimate? When
does Dr. Fei-Fei Li retire from laundry
folding on Sundays? [laughter]
How many years?
>> Yesterday.
Um
Like I said, I don't know.
>> Mhm.
>> Laundry folding itself is also involves
physical embodiment, so that's that that
also involves sensor technology and
hardware technology, so that
So, that goes a little bit more complex.
Um but again, I'm hoping it's our
lifestyle.
>> Yeah, me too. As a mom, I'm hoping.
>> I I mean, I know this is a term that you
avoid for a whole host of factors,
but my hypothesis would be
you can't get anywhere close to what
AGI, which I know is the word that you
avoid for a host of reasons, is you
can't even get close to it until we do
the spatial intelligence.
Because that's about that's to read
people, that's to interact in the world.
>> Yeah, you know, look, I'm not going to
love fight the popularity of this word.
It's just as a scholar, we always
the field in in the academic world is
called artificial intelligence. It's
it's it's not
scientifically rigorously clear what the
G means here, right? [laughter] So, but
whatever, that's just a word that we we
can
it's just a nickname, I guess. Um
yeah, I agree with you, David. I think
AI or intelligence is complex. I I I
don't think the picture of AI will be
complete without spatial intelligence.
>> So, we mentioned agency so many times
today. David, as someone who runs an
educational company, what would be your
advice for people who want to work on
their agency? How do you even teach your
kids agency?
>> It's a really good question.
The research
I've looked into it a lot is not quite
there yet. So, we don't know
exactly how to do it. We have
hypotheses,
and if you break down agency into
individual parts, we we then have clues
for it.
So, for example, we know to be able to
feel safe, to actually take risks is is
an important part of it. We know that
being able to fail and learn from those
is is is a big part of agency. We know
the resilience to get back up is really
important part of it.
Um we know that there's a curiosity in
the world that's also really big part of
it.
There's also things of like fundamental
needs to want to solve a thing or to
impress someone, which isn't necessarily
the best traits, but those things drive
If you need to solve a problem issue or
whatever is going to drive you to to
solve that is going to help you force
you to find agency.
I think the research I've seen is much
more on the qualitative side of what
drives agency. Things people will say.
Um and there's some evidence for this.
It's just weak. It's
>> [snorts]
>> you want to you want to put yourself in
places that are going to be hard and new
for you.
So you want to get and that starts as a
kid.
Right? You want to be in a world that
you have the fundamentals
of love and food and sleep and mental
health are provided for you there.
Um we know also that you can incentivize
it, too.
So I think, you know,
we have done things where you get
additional comp if you do this thing.
Comp does push you to do things on it.
Um but agency itself,
from my own experience,
>> [snorts]
>> so much of life in society we are taught
to seek praise.
If you think about it as kids, praise
from our moms and dads. Yeah. School,
praise from our instructors.
Um jobs from our bosses.
And having agency and that to your point
that entrepreneurialism but isn't just
for entrepreneurs.
It's almost a rejection
of that societal value or push to be
praised. I remember when I started
Masterclass, everybody told me it was an
impossible idea and a bad idea.
And that was really hard for me for
somebody who sought praise for most of
my life.
And then but then what I had to realize
and change was to
if you have an idea that everybody
thinks it's good,
it's probably not a good idea.
>> Mhm.
>> And that you actually to have agency and
to be an entrepreneur, you have to chase
what other people think is actually
impossible.
And then now as an entrepreneur, when
somebody says something's impossible,
I'm like, "Ooh."
"Ooh, like I want to dive more into
that." Right? And so I think it's like a
fundamental shift and it comes from a
lot of things that like I wish I knew if
I teach you these four things you're now
going to have high agency, it's more
complicated than that.
>> Yeah.
>> Totally. I think you'd said it
beautifully. Yeah.
>> Uh
you have this aspect of which I I feel
like is an aspect of agency, independent
thinking. You wrote this uh Substack
where um you're teaching people to like
switch everything off, make your own
decisions. But and uh generate your own
thoughts. What I feel like as someone
who's been taught to respond to praise,
it's so scary. Cuz if it's contrarian to
what your friends and you're like come
up with this opinion and they disagree
with you, how do you train that muscle?
Cuz I feel like it's so important for
agency as well.
>> I well, this question goes into the
heart of
family values. How do I personally train
them muscle for for me, my kids, my
students is um
is everything David said. It's
encouragement is uh is um
um
you know, as simple as don't be lazy.
>> [laughter]
>> I know that people my generation lament
about there's too much internet, there's
too much social, there's too much AI. I
actually have a contrarian view. Um
I think our new generation, our next
generation
I'm actually a little envious of them
because I think their world is much more
heterogeneous.
That if you're used to being on
Twitter  X, you're used to being
on Insta or uh TikTok, you start to
realize the the world is full of voices.
>> Yeah.
>> Instead of that one teacher or one
parent when the world was smaller and
narrower. So, our new generation of
young people are
are natively born into a world full of
voices, full of opinions, full of
possibilities.
And that can be daunting. That can be
if used misguided, we we we know, I'm
not saying, I mean, there's a lot of
issues in social media and and all that.
But that can be also opportunity because
you kind of you can use this reality to
to remind the young generation
Look, it's it's your voice that matters
because
you know, there's no authoritarian voice
or or tiny
tiny number of people holds the
megaphone, right? And and that can be
um
used to encourage um
young generation to to re-examine
the century they're living in. And this
is a century of a lot of tools that can
give you agency. This is a century of
your voice matter
more than anybody else's voice if you
believe in that. And that's very
different from our generation.
>> Do you have anything like that? Like an
unlock for people who are curious about
AI just starting?
>> So so first of all, if it's narrowly
about my employee I mean I
I
>> probably aren't working there.
>> Yeah. Yeah. If they're [laughter] not
using AI
>> They're probably not going to be there.
>> more AI than I do. So so that's just a
moot question for a deep AI tech startup
like World Labs. But I do want to turn
that question to talk to those who are
um
more in the public, especially the
generation right now who you're already
professionals. You you are teachers,
nurses, you know, accountants, whoever
you are. And um
And the public discourse, like we said
earlier, is so polarized. You don't
really, other than anxiety, you don't
really know how you can get to AI. I
think I do want to encourage um people
who feel that way
is that um
find a kid, either your own kid or your
nephew or your niece
that
they are likely to be younger than 25
year old.
Almost all of them are already using AI
in some way.
And uh be curious. Ask them to just show
you how they use AI.
And uh
don't worry about this as a technology,
but be curious about the future world
that they will live in, your kid will be
living your grandkid will be living,
your student will be living, and try to
just imagine that you're going to take
that journey into that world anyway, and
they can be your guide.
>> Yeah.
>> And just not worry about that I never
learned computer science or I don't know
which app I can open. Just let the young
person in your life who you already
trust or have a relationship with
hold your hand
for a weekend or for for a session and
show you
that this is a world that's
not that scary if you actually know what
it is, and it can be empowering. And if
you do find it troublesome, if you do
find it uh imperfect,
by knowing it, by knowing where these
issues are, your voice can be heard
better.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah.
>> I think that's an amazing ending to
this. Thank you so much. Stay curious,
develop your agency, work on it, and
thank you so much for info done for your
work.
>> Thank you.